# DC++
In the span of two weeks in May of 2019, over 300 tornadoes touched down in states from Ohio to Nebraska. The deadliest of these tornadoes occurred near Golden City, Missouri and took the lives of three individuals including an elderly couple. However, these storms upended countless others lives and thousands of others homes were destroyed. As this years tornado season approaches, it is more important than ever to have a user friendly and reliable way to assess emergency information to prepare everyday people for these extreme weather events. Our JavaScript Web Application will use data from Living Atlas layers to show locations of recent tornadoes. The user will then be able to draw a polygon that would calculate what percentage of the population in the chosen area would be affected by this storm, depending on the severity of the storm. These calculations will be based on a Living Atlas layer of CDC Socioeconomic Vulnerability Indexes at census tract level.

With this tool, we are also looking to explore historic tornado data in order to predict the likelihood of a tornado occurring in a certain area. These predictions and calculations that our tool makes will help to inform local government and possibly national emergency management organizations of these disasters, allowing them to respond effectively.

Storm Living Atlas Layer: https://livefeeds.arcgis.com/arcgis/rest/services/LiveFeeds/NOAA_storm_reports/MapServer CDC SVI Layer: https://services3.arcgis.com/ZvidGQkLaDJxRSJ2/arcgis/rest/services/Overall_2014_Tracts/FeatureServer Historic Tornadoes Layer: https://maps6.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/A-16/NOAA_Tornados_Tracks/MapServer
